story recapped here today i'm going to show a
2018 action drama sci-fi film called extinction
spoilers ahead watch out and take care peter
stands on his apartment balcony as a bright
light erupts from the night sky suddenly
millions of laser beams strike the city
engulfing it in flames and destruction and then
peter wakes up in his bed it was all a dream
he wakes up his wife alice who begs him to
see a doctor his nightmares are ruining their
family as peter wraps up everything at work he
loses consciousness and slips into a dreamlike
state dreaming up visions of an apocalypse when he
wakes up he already missed the family time that he
promised the girls by the time he gets home alice
is upset and confronts him she is frustrated and
then begs him again to seek professional help
this time peter agrees later that night he
dreams of his daughter lucy crying over two dead
bodies and then hannah comes out carrying a gun
the next day peter finally sees the sleep
specialist that his colleague david recommended
while he's waiting for his appointment another
patient strikes up a conversation with him and
tells him that he's been having the same visions
and that the staff there didn't want them to know
confused peter stares at a painting in the lobby
and then slips into another dreamlike state this
time he dreams of a post-apocalyptic world where
he his wife and a group of people are carrying
guns and surveying the city for survivors feeling
terrified he cancels his appointment and goes home
to an upset alice who dismisses his theories of
an apocalypse later that night the family hosts
a party to celebrate alice's promotion at work
as peter talks to one of their neighbors ray
flashes of light appear from the night sky they
watch as a single drone drops from the sky as
soon as it touches down an enormous shock wave
pushes them back into the apartment breaking
all the glass within miles they recover from
the wave and glance up in horror as they see a
hundred more drones drop from above peter and ray
quickly search the building for their daughters
amidst the commotion they find the girls
stuck in the elevator and swiftly rescue them
meanwhile alice hugs lucy under the table as
they evade capture from the surveying drones
the family soon reunites in their home as
they try to come up with an escape plan
someone bangs on their door they hide their
daughters and then barricade their door
while they're forcing the intruder out lucy slips
away to look for her beloved stuffed toy she finds
it under the dinner table and hugs it paralyzed
with fear suddenly laser beams penetrate the walls
and then comes a sword when they go back to their
hiding place they find out that lucy is missing
by then a soldier had already made his way into
their home he finds lucy under the table and
examines her before the soldier can strike peter
emerges and pins him down they struggle on the
floor as peter takes out his gun lucy escapes to
her mother while the soldier is distracted alice
then intervenes helping her husband by smashing
debris on the soldier's helmet the soldier falls
to the floor unconscious the family escapes
but finds the building swarming with soldiers
they carefully make their way to the rooftop
and find their neighbors ray and samantha with
their daughter megan as the family stand on the
rooftop they witness the devastation before them
the families crouch down and hide as another
drone flies over to survey their building
seeing no other means of escape they hop
on the window cleaners platform on the side
of the building they slowly descend to the
ground but suddenly one of the bars gives in
with the other cable now threatening to break
they escape through a broken window in one of the
lower floors just in time as the entire platform
collapses to the ground meanwhile the soldier left
at peter's apartment regains consciousness and
starts tracking his gun as they take refuge in
one of the rooms alice apologizes and asks him if
he saw them die in his visions he doesn't answer
this but instead focuses on fixing the soldier's
gun so that they could use it they formulate
a plan to escape to peter's factory using the
old tunnels that alice was tasked to redesign
out of nowhere a blast hits them from outside the
building a drone fires at them immediately killing
ray's wife and daughter peter's family makes a run
for it they manage to make it to the ground floor
but are stopped in a narrow hallway by two other
soldiers with their guns peter is forced to rewire
their gun on the spot risking his life he grabs
an electrical cord from the opposite side and
then completely reboots the gun he shoots at the
remaining soldiers leaving them dead on the floor
the family makes it out of the building and out
into the burning streets they hide from rubble to
rubble barely escaping with their lives meanwhile
the revived soldier is tracking their steps
and is close behind peter's family reaches the
tunnel's entrance and one by one they slip through
when lucy's turn comes she stops mid-run and
stares at the incoming drone paralyzed with fear
alice runs and scoops her daughter up and manages
to make it to the entrance peter closes the door
and the drone spots them firing several missiles
at them and causing the entrance to cave in
amidst the explosion all of them make it out
alive but alice is severely injured on her side
they carry her by the arm limping as they
try to make out the tunnel's complex system
peter is losing hope he knows if they don't get
help soon his wife isn't going to make it they
take a quick break but fate won't let them this
time the soldier has caught up to them and attacks
peter from behind they struggle for the gun but
peter gains the upper hand and fires several
shots at him a cloud of dust impairs his vision
as he tries to look for his enemy firing random
shots in the dark just then the soldier emerges
from the dust grabbing the gun peter catches
a rock and starts bashing it into his head the
soldier surrenders into a corner and slips down
peter confronts him and surprisingly the soldier
takes off his helmet revealing himself to be a
human being peter is shocked thinking he was an
alien monster all alone he threatens him with a
gun and orders him to carry alice together they
make it to the factory and meet up with david
along with several more survivors the girls cry
as the medical team tries to revive their mother
peter begs them to stop as he can't handle seeing
his wife in any more pain the medics inform peter
that it's too late to save his wife but he
doesn't accept it just then the soldier who
is now a captive calls out telling him that he can
help her peter points the gun at the enemy but he
knows he doesn't have any choice if he wants
to save his wife he has to gamble on a chance
he takes the chance and asks david to bring his
daughters to the last train evacuating the city
he gives them a teary goodbye as his colleague
drags the girls away he then takes alice and the
soldier to one of the medic's rooms he hands the
soldier his swiss army knife who then uses it to
cut open alice's wound peter begs him to go easy
but the man insists that there is no other way
as he opens up the wound he tells peter
that it's just as bad as the medics say
peter takes a look at his wife's wound
and is shocked to see not just flesh
but wires cords and visible electricity pumping
through her body the soldier looks at him equally
confused and genuinely asks him if peter doesn't
know what he is peter can only shake his head and
answer the soldier then tells him that the only
way to save her life would be to get power from
another energy source meaning peter but the gamble
is that this might not also work and the current
might split and they will both be dead but peter
knows that he should try as hard as he can if not
for him for his daughters he takes the knife and
cuts a line into his chest he's surprised to feel
no enormous pain and is shocked to see the same
wires and electricity running through his body
the soldier attaches a wire and connects peter's
body to alice's as they recharge they experience
the same visions but this time it's revealed that
peter's visions were actual memories of the past
it turns out that alice and peter who have
fallen in love were called synthetics artificial
intelligence who looked like humans created by
humans to serve all of humanity the synthetics
wanting equal rights started a revolution peter
rescued alice from human soldiers killing one
unintentionally with his bare hands together they
fought side by side with the synthetic rebels and
successfully drove away the humans to outer space
as the remaining synthetics survey the cities for
survivors alice and peter happen upon hannah
and lucy whose parents have died from the war
unable to leave the children behind the couple
adopts them as their own after the war most of the
synthetics including peter alice and their adopted
children voluntarily had their memories replaced
so that they could stop living in fear and start
living like a family while others like david chose
to keep their memories and prepare for the return
of the humans peter wakes up and finds alice alive
the gamble has paid off the soldier introduces
himself as miles and tells peter about the fate
of humanity after they were driven off by the
synthetics they had to settle in colonies on mars
it took them years to rebuild their resources and
to come back to take what was supposedly theirs
but now miles knows that it's only half of the
story he helped them because he didn't know that
when they came here they were going to be killing
children and families and that's not what he
signed up for alice then wakes up telling peter
of her new revelations and frantically asks for
the girls peter helps his wife up and takes one
last look at the human who saved his wife's life
peter thanks him for his kindness by telling
him his name and giving him his swiss army knife
saying that it didn't belong to him anyway peter
and alice run deep into the tracks and are caught
in a crossfire the humans managed to take down a
few but the synthetics hold their fort strong with
one last shot peter runs through the fire grabbing
lucy's toy and a gun as he stands cover for alice
alice runs through the steel doors followed
closely by peter they run through the tunnels just
as the humans break through the fort they reach
the doors and run after the leaving train carrying
their daughters the girls run out of the train
to meet them sobbing and hugging them with david
trailing behind david holds off the attackers
as the family makes their way for the train
the four of them get on and david jumps
inside firing several last shots at the humans
the train pulls away and the family hugs in
tears feeling relieved that they're all alive
and safe the train speeds out from the tunnel
and they look out through windows at the sunrise
seeing their once beloved city in flames and
destruction as the tracks detonate behind them
leaving no chance for their pursuers to
follow them perhaps if humans realize
that they're not so different from each
other they might have a future after all
subscribe to watch more videos
like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching